c:\users\taha.tariq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuickKartMVCApp\QuickKartMVCApp\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\taha.tariq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuickKartMVCApp\QuickKartMVCApp\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\taha.tariq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuickKartMVCApp\QuickKartMVCApp\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\taha.tariq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuickKartMVCApp\QuickKartMVCApp\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\taha.tariq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuickKartMVCApp\QuickKartMVCApp\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\taha.tariq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuickKartMVCApp\QuickKartMVCApp\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\taha.tariq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuickKartMVCApp\QuickKartMVCApp\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\taha.tariq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuickKartMVCApp\QuickKartMVCApp\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\taha.tariq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuickKartMVCApp\QuickKartMVCApp\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\taha.tariq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuickKartMVCApp\QuickKartMVCApp\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\taha.tariq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuickKartMVCApp\QuickKartMVCApp\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\taha.tariq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuickKartMVCApp\QuickKartMVCApp\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\taha.tariq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuickKartMVCApp\QuickKartMVCApp\bin\QuickKartMVCApp.dll.config
c:\users\taha.tariq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuickKartMVCApp\QuickKartMVCApp\bin\QuickKartMVCApp.dll
c:\users\taha.tariq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuickKartMVCApp\QuickKartMVCApp\bin\QuickKartMVCApp.pdb
c:\users\taha.tariq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuickKartMVCApp\QuickKartMVCApp\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\taha.tariq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuickKartMVCApp\QuickKartMVCApp\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\taha.tariq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuickKartMVCApp\QuickKartMVCApp\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\taha.tariq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuickKartMVCApp\QuickKartMVCApp\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\taha.tariq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuickKartMVCApp\QuickKartMVCApp\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\taha.tariq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuickKartMVCApp\QuickKartMVCApp\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
c:\users\taha.tariq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuickKartMVCApp\QuickKartMVCApp\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
c:\users\taha.tariq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuickKartMVCApp\QuickKartMVCApp\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\taha.tariq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuickKartMVCApp\QuickKartMVCApp\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
c:\users\taha.tariq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuickKartMVCApp\QuickKartMVCApp\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\taha.tariq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuickKartMVCApp\QuickKartMVCApp\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
c:\users\taha.tariq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuickKartMVCApp\QuickKartMVCApp\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\taha.tariq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuickKartMVCApp\QuickKartMVCApp\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\taha.tariq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuickKartMVCApp\QuickKartMVCApp\obj\Debug\QuickKartMVCApp.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\taha.tariq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuickKartMVCApp\QuickKartMVCApp\obj\Debug\QuickKartMVCApp.dll
c:\users\taha.tariq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuickKartMVCApp\QuickKartMVCApp\obj\Debug\QuickKartMVCApp.pdb
c:\users\taha.tariq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuickKartMVCApp\QuickKartMVCApp\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\taha.tariq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuickKartMVCApp\QuickKartMVCApp\bin\QuickKartDataAccessLayer.dll
c:\users\taha.tariq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuickKartMVCApp\QuickKartMVCApp\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\taha.tariq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuickKartMVCApp\QuickKartMVCApp\bin\QuickKartDataAccessLayer.pdb
c:\users\taha.tariq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuickKartMVCApp\QuickKartMVCApp\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\taha.tariq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuickKartMVCApp\QuickKartMVCApp\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\taha.tariq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuickKartMVCApp\QuickKartMVCApp\bin\AutoMapper.dll
C:\Users\taha.tariq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuickKartMVCApp\QuickKartMVCApp\bin\AutoMapper.Net4.dll
C:\Users\taha.tariq\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\QuickKartMVCApp\QuickKartMVCApp\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\taha.tariq\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\QuickKartMVCApp\QuickKartMVCApp\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\taha.tariq\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\QuickKartMVCApp\QuickKartMVCApp\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
C:\Users\taha.tariq\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\QuickKartMVCApp\QuickKartMVCApp\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
